CASMPET-7651: Add k8s cert validity period to RELEASE_NOTES (#6185)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/kubernetes/Cert_Renewal_for_Kubernetes_and_Bare_Metal_EtcD.md

- [File Locations](#file-locations)
- [Check Certificates](#check-certificates)
- [Backup Existing Certificates](#backup-existing-certificates)

> - [Modify Certificate Validity Period](#modify-certificate-validity-period)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Modify certificate validity period](#modify-certificate-validity-period)
```

Author: By changing this to lower case, it now doesn't match the other headings in this doc.  All the other headings are capitalized.

    [...]
    ```

> ## Modify Certificate Validity Period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Modify certificate validity period
```

With Kubernetes 1.32 and `kubeadm.k8s.io/vbeta4`, the Kubernetes certificate validity period, or expiry, can be configured in the `/etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml` file. In CSM 1.7, the default certificate validity period is `26280h` or **3 years**.

> If you wish to keep the certificate validity period at 3 years, you can skip this section and jump to the [Renew All Certificates](#renew-all-certificates) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators who wish to keep the certificate validity period at 3 years should skip this section and jump to
[Renew all certificates](#renew-all-certificates).
```

To adjust the validity period before renewing certificates, modify the `certificateValidityPeriod` value in the `/etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml` configuration file.

The `certificateValidityPeriod` field value follows Go's `time.Duration` values format, with hours being the longest supported unit.

For example, the value for 5 years is `43800h`.

Run the following steps on each master node.

> 1. Make copy of `/etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) Make copy of `/etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml`.
```

    ```bash

>     cp /etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml /etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml.bak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cp -v /etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml /etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml.bak
```

    ```

> 1. Edit the `certificateValidityPeriod` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) Edit the `certificateValidityPeriod` value.

   > Modify the following example command to replace `43800h` with the desired value.
```

    ```bash
    yq4 eval -i -P '.certificateValidityPeriod = "43800h"' "/etc/kubernetes/kubeadmcfg.yaml"
    ```

> 1. Check `certificateValidityPeriod` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`ncn-m#`) Check the `certificateValidityPeriod` value.
```
